#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.9
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile --output-file=requirements.txt requirements.in
#
affine==2.3.1
    # via
    #   rasterio
    #   rasterstats
aiohttp==3.9.3
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   fsspec
aiosignal==1.3.1
    # via aiohttp
aniso8601==9.0.1
    # via flask-restx
annotated-types==0.6.0
    # via pydantic
ansi2html==1.9.1
    # via dash
anyio==3.6.1
    # via jupyter-server
argon2-cffi==21.3.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via argon2-cffi
asttokens==2.0.8
    # via stack-data
async-timeout==4.0.3
    # via aiohttp
attrs==22.1.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   fiona
    #   jsonschema
    #   morecantile
    #   pytest
    #   rasterio
babel==2.10.3
    # via jupyterlab-server
backcall==0.2.0
    # via ipython
beautifulsoup4==4.11.1
    # via
    #   deep-translator
    #   gdown
    #   geeadd
    #   nbconvert
black[jupyter]==22.8.0
    # via -r requirements.in
bleach==5.0.1
    # via
    #   nbconvert
    #   panel
blinker==1.7.0
    # via flask
bokeh==3.3.4
    # via
    #   hvplot
    #   panel
bqplot==0.12.42
    # via
    #   geemap
    #   leafmap
branca==0.6.0
    # via
    #   folium
    #   ipyleaflet
cachelib==0.9.0
    # via flask-caching
cachetools==5.2.0
    # via
    #   google-auth
    #   large-image
catboost==1.2.3
    # via -r requirements.in
category-encoders==2.6.3
    # via shapash
certifi==2022.6.15.1
    # via
    #   fiona
    #   httplib2shim
    #   pyproj
    #   rasterio
    #   requests
cffi==1.15.1
    # via argon2-cffi-bindings
cfgv==3.3.1
    # via pre-commit
charset-normalizer==2.1.1
    # via requests
cleanlab[all]==2.6.3
    # via -r requirements.in
cleanvision==0.3.6
    # via cleanlab
click==8.1.3
    # via
    #   black
    #   click-plugins
    #   cligj
    #   fiona
    #   flask
    #   geocoder
    #   localtileserver
    #   rasterio
    #   uvicorn
    #   whitebox
click-plugins==1.1.1
    # via
    #   fiona
    #   rasterio
cligj==0.7.2
    # via
    #   fiona
    #   rasterio
    #   rasterstats
cloudpickle==3.0.0
    # via
    #   fasttreeshap
    #   shap
colorcet==3.1.0
    # via
    #   holoviews
    #   hvplot
colour==0.1.5
    # via
    #   geemap
    #   leafmap
comm==0.2.1
    # via ipywidgets
contourpy==1.0.7
    # via
    #   bokeh
    #   matplotlib
cramjam==2.8.2
    # via fastparquet
cycler==0.11.0
    # via matplotlib
dash==2.14.2
    # via
    #   dash-bootstrap-components
    #   dash-cytoscape
    #   dash-daq
    #   interpret-core
    #   shapash
dash-bootstrap-components==1.5.0
    # via shapash
dash-core-components==2.0.0
    # via
    #   dash
    #   interpret-core
    #   shapash
dash-cytoscape==0.3.0
    # via interpret-core
dash-daq==0.5.0
    # via shapash
dash-html-components==2.0.0
    # via
    #   dash
    #   interpret-core
    #   shapash
dash-renderer==1.8.3
    # via shapash
dash-table==5.0.0
    # via
    #   dash
    #   interpret-core
    #   shapash
datasets==2.18.0
    # via cleanlab
debugpy==1.6.3
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   ratelim
deep-translator==1.11.4
    # via -r requirements.in
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
dill==0.3.7
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   interpret-core
    #   multiprocess
distlib==0.3.6
    # via virtualenv
duckdb==0.9.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   leafmap
earthengine-api==0.1.323
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ee-extra
    #   eerepr
    #   geeadd
    #   geemap
    #   sankee
ee-extra==0.0.15
    # via geemap
eerepr==0.0.4
    # via geemap
entrypoints==0.4
    # via jupyter-client
executing==1.0.0
    # via stack-data
fastcore==1.5.26
    # via geowrangler
fastjsonschema==2.16.1
    # via nbformat
fastparquet==0.8.3
    # via -r requirements.in
fastprogress==1.0.3
    # via geowrangler
fasttreeshap==0.1.6
    # via -r requirements.in
ffmpeg-python==0.2.0
    # via geemap
filelock==3.8.0
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   gdown
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
    #   triton
    #   virtualenv
fiona==1.8.21
    # via
    #   geopandas
    #   rasterstats
flask==2.3.3
    # via
    #   dash
    #   flask-caching
    #   flask-cors
    #   flask-restx
    #   localtileserver
flask-caching==2.1.0
    # via localtileserver
flask-cors==4.0.0
    # via localtileserver
flask-restx==1.3.0
    # via localtileserver
folium==0.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   geemap
    #   leafmap
fonttools==4.39.3
    # via matplotlib
frozenlist==1.4.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec[http]==2023.12.2
    # via
    #   cleanvision
    #   datasets
    #   fastparquet
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
future==0.18.2
    # via
    #   earthengine-api
    #   ffmpeg-python
    #   geocoder
gdal==3.5.2
    # via -r requirements.in
gdown==4.7.3
    # via
    #   geemap
    #   leafmap
    #   segment-geospatial
geeadd==0.5.6
    # via geemap
geemap==0.19.4
    # via -r requirements.in
geocoder==1.38.1
    # via geemap
geojson==3.1.0
    # via
    #   geemap
    #   leafmap
geopandas==0.10.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   geowrangler
    #   segment-geospatial
geowrangler==0.1.1
    # via -r requirements.in
gevent==23.9.1
    # via interpret-core
google-api-core==2.10.0
    # via
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-api-python-client==1.12.11
    # via earthengine-api
google-auth==2.11.0
    # via
    #   earthengine-api
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-auth-httplib2==0.1.0
    # via
    #   earthengine-api
    #   google-api-python-client
google-cloud-core==2.3.2
    # via google-cloud-storage
google-cloud-storage==2.5.0
    # via earthengine-api
google-crc32c==1.5.0
    # via google-resumable-media
google-resumable-media==2.3.3
    # via google-cloud-storage
googleapis-common-protos==1.56.4
    # via google-api-core
googlemaps==4.10.0
    # via -r requirements.in
graphviz==0.20.1
    # via catboost
greenlet==3.0.3
    # via gevent
h11==0.14.0
    # via uvicorn
h3==3.7.4
    # via geowrangler
holoviews==1.18.3
    # via hvplot
httplib2==0.20.4
    # via
    #   earthengine-api
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
    #   httplib2shim
httplib2shim==0.0.3
    # via earthengine-api
huggingface-hub==0.20.2
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   segment-geospatial
    #   skops
    #   timm
hvplot==0.9.2
    # via -r requirements.in
identify==2.5.5
    # via pre-commit
idna==3.3
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   requests
    #   yarl
imagehash==4.3.1
    # via cleanvision
importlib-metadata==4.12.0
    # via
    #   dash
    #   flask
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   markdown
    #   nbconvert
importlib-resources==5.12.0
    # via
    #   flask-restx
    #   matplotlib
iniconfig==1.1.1
    # via pytest
interpret==0.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
interpret-core[dash,debug,linear,notebook,plotly,sensitivity,shap]==0.5.0
    # via
    #   interpret
    #   interpret-core
ipyevents==2.0.2
    # via
    #   geemap
    #   leafmap
ipyfilechooser==0.6.0
    # via
    #   geemap
    #   leafmap
    #   whiteboxgui
ipykernel==6.15.2
    # via
    #   interpret-core
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
ipyleaflet==0.18.1
    # via
    #   geemap
    #   leafmap
ipython==8.5.0
    # via
    #   black
    #   interpret-core
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyterlab
ipython-genutils==0.2.0
    # via
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
ipytree==0.2.2
    # via
    #   geemap
    #   whiteboxgui
ipywidgets==8.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   bqplot
    #   ipyevents
    #   ipyfilechooser
    #   ipyleaflet
    #   ipytree
    #   leafmap
    #   sankee
    #   whiteboxgui
itsdangerous==2.1.2
    # via flask
jedi==0.18.1
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   bokeh
    #   branca
    #   flask
    #   folium
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
    #   torch
joblib==1.3.2
    # via
    #   interpret-core
    #   scikit-learn
json5==0.9.10
    # via jupyterlab-server
jsonschema==4.16.0
    # via
    #   flask-restx
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbformat
jupyter-client==7.3.5
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   notebook
jupyter-core==4.11.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
jupyter-server==1.18.1
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook-shim
jupyterlab==3.4.7
    # via -r requirements.in
jupyterlab-pygments==0.2.2
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-server==2.15.1
    # via jupyterlab
jupyterlab-widgets==3.0.9
    # via ipywidgets
kiwisolver==1.4.4
    # via matplotlib
large-image[rasterio]==1.27.0
    # via
    #   large-image
    #   large-image-source-rasterio
    #   localtileserver
large-image-source-rasterio==1.27.0
    # via large-image
leafmap==0.30.1
    # via segment-geospatial
lightgbm==4.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
linkify-it-py==2.0.3
    # via panel
llvmlite==0.41.1
    # via numba
localtileserver==0.7.2
    # via segment-geospatial
loguru==0.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   geowrangler
logzero==1.7.0
    # via geeadd
lxml==4.9.1
    # via nbconvert
mapclassify==2.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
mapie==0.8.3
    # via -r requirements.in
markdown==3.6
    # via panel
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via
    #   mdit-py-plugins
    #   panel
markupsafe==2.1.1
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
    #   werkzeug
matplotlib==3.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   catboost
    #   cleanlab
    #   cleanvision
    #   geemap
    #   leafmap
    #   pycocotools
    #   salib
    #   seaborn
    #   segment-geospatial
    #   shapash
matplotlib-inline==0.1.6
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mdit-py-plugins==0.4.0
    # via panel
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
mistune==2.0.4
    # via nbconvert
morecantile==5.3.0
    # via geowrangler
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via sympy
multidict==6.0.5
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
multiprocess==0.70.15
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   salib
munch==2.5.0
    # via fiona
mypy-extensions==0.4.3
    # via black
nbclassic==0.4.3
    # via jupyterlab
nbclient==0.6.8
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==7.0.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
nbformat==5.4.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
    #   shapash
nest-asyncio==1.5.5
    # via
    #   dash
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   notebook
networkx==3.1
    # via
    #   mapclassify
    #   torch
nodeenv==1.7.0
    # via pre-commit
notebook==6.4.12
    # via jupyterlab
notebook-shim==0.1.0
    # via nbclassic
numba==0.58.1
    # via
    #   fasttreeshap
    #   shap
    #   shapash
numpy==1.24.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   bokeh
    #   bqplot
    #   catboost
    #   category-encoders
    #   cleanlab
    #   cleanvision
    #   contourpy
    #   datasets
    #   fastparquet
    #   fasttreeshap
    #   folium
    #   geemap
    #   geowrangler
    #   holoviews
    #   hvplot
    #   imagehash
    #   interpret-core
    #   large-image
    #   leafmap
    #   lightgbm
    #   mapclassify
    #   mapie
    #   matplotlib
    #   numba
    #   opencv-python
    #   pandas
    #   patsy
    #   pyarrow
    #   pycocotools
    #   pygeos
    #   pywavelets
    #   rasterio
    #   rasterstats
    #   salib
    #   sankee
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   seaborn
    #   shap
    #   shapash
    #   snuggs
    #   statsmodels
    #   torchvision
    #   xgboost
nvidia-cublas-cu12==12.1.3.1
    # via
    #   nvidia-cudnn-cu12
    #   nvidia-cusolver-cu12
    #   torch
nvidia-cuda-cupti-cu12==12.1.105
    # via torch
nvidia-cuda-nvrtc-cu12==12.1.105
    # via torch
nvidia-cuda-runtime-cu12==12.1.105
    # via torch
nvidia-cudnn-cu12==8.9.2.26
    # via torch
nvidia-cufft-cu12==11.0.2.54
    # via torch
nvidia-curand-cu12==10.3.2.106
    # via torch
nvidia-cusolver-cu12==11.4.5.107
    # via torch
nvidia-cusparse-cu12==12.1.0.106
    # via
    #   nvidia-cusolver-cu12
    #   torch
nvidia-nccl-cu12==2.18.1
    # via torch
nvidia-nvjitlink-cu12==12.3.101
    # via
    #   nvidia-cusolver-cu12
    #   nvidia-cusparse-cu12
nvidia-nvtx-cu12==12.1.105
    # via torch
opencv-python==4.9.0.80
    # via segment-geospatial
packaging==21.3
    # via
    #   bokeh
    #   datasets
    #   fastcore
    #   fastparquet
    #   fasttreeshap
    #   holoviews
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   hvplot
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   large-image-source-rasterio
    #   mapie
    #   matplotlib
    #   nbconvert
    #   plotly
    #   pytest
    #   shap
    #   skops
    #   statsmodels
palettable==3.3.3
    # via large-image
pandas==1.4.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   bokeh
    #   bqplot
    #   catboost
    #   category-encoders
    #   cleanlab
    #   cleanvision
    #   datasets
    #   fastparquet
    #   fasttreeshap
    #   geemap
    #   geopandas
    #   geowrangler
    #   holoviews
    #   hvplot
    #   interpret-core
    #   leafmap
    #   mapclassify
    #   panel
    #   salib
    #   sankee
    #   seaborn
    #   shap
    #   shapash
    #   statsmodels
pandocfilters==1.5.0
    # via nbconvert
panel==1.3.8
    # via
    #   holoviews
    #   hvplot
param==2.0.2
    # via
    #   holoviews
    #   hvplot
    #   panel
    #   pyviz-comms
parso==0.8.3
    # via jedi
pathspec==0.10.1
    # via black
patsy==0.5.6
    # via
    #   category-encoders
    #   statsmodels
pexpect==4.8.0
    # via ipython
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via ipython
pillow==9.5.0
    # via
    #   bokeh
    #   cleanvision
    #   geemap
    #   imagehash
    #   large-image
    #   matplotlib
    #   torchvision
platformdirs==2.5.2
    # via
    #   black
    #   virtualenv
plotly==5.18.0
    # via
    #   catboost
    #   dash
    #   interpret-core
    #   leafmap
    #   sankee
    #   shapash
pluggy==1.0.0
    # via pytest
polars==0.20.13
    # via -r requirements.in
pre-commit==2.20.0
    # via -r requirements.in
prometheus-client==0.14.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
prompt-toolkit==3.0.31
    # via ipython
protobuf==4.21.5
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   googleapis-common-protos
psutil==5.9.2
    # via
    #   fasttreeshap
    #   interpret-core
    #   ipykernel
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via stack-data
py==1.11.0
    # via pytest
pyarrow==15.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   datasets
pyarrow-hotfix==0.6
    # via datasets
pyasn1==0.4.8
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.2.8
    # via google-auth
pycocotools==2.0.7
    # via segment-geospatial
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pycrs==1.0.2
    # via geemap
pydantic==2.6.3
    # via morecantile
pydantic-core==2.16.3
    # via pydantic
pygeos==0.14
    # via -r requirements.in
pygments==2.13.0
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   nbconvert
pyparsing==3.0.9
    # via
    #   httplib2
    #   matplotlib
    #   packaging
    #   snuggs
pyproj==3.4.0
    # via
    #   geopandas
    #   morecantile
    #   segment-geospatial
pyrsistent==0.18.1
    # via jsonschema
pyshp==2.3.1
    # via
    #   geemap
    #   leafmap
pysocks==1.7.1
    # via requests
pystac==1.9.0
    # via pystac-client
pystac-client==0.6.1
    # via leafmap
pytest==7.1.3
    # via -r requirements.in
python-box==7.1.1
    # via
    #   geemap
    #   leafmap
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
    #   pystac
    #   pystac-client
python-geohash==0.8.5
    # via -r requirements.in
pytz==2022.2.1
    # via
    #   babel
    #   flask-restx
    #   pandas
pyviz-comms==3.0.1
    # via
    #   holoviews
    #   panel
pywavelets==1.5.0
    # via imagehash
pyyaml==6.0
    # via
    #   bokeh
    #   datasets
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   pre-commit
    #   timm
pyzmq==23.2.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
rasterio==1.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   large-image-source-rasterio
    #   rasterstats
    #   segment-geospatial
rasterstats==0.17.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   geowrangler
ratelim==0.1.6
    # via geocoder
requests[socks]==2.28.1
    # via
    #   dash
    #   datasets
    #   deep-translator
    #   folium
    #   fsspec
    #   gdown
    #   geeadd
    #   geocoder
    #   geowrangler
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   googlemaps
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   interpret-core
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   localtileserver
    #   panel
    #   pystac-client
    #   torchvision
retrying==1.3.4
    # via dash
rsa==4.9
    # via google-auth
rtree==1.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
safetensors==0.4.1
    # via timm
salib==1.4.7
    # via interpret-core
sankee==0.2.4
    # via geemap
scikit-learn==1.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   category-encoders
    #   cleanlab
    #   fasttreeshap
    #   geowrangler
    #   interpret-core
    #   mapclassify
    #   mapie
    #   shap
    #   shapash
    #   skops
scipy==1.9.1
    # via
    #   catboost
    #   category-encoders
    #   fasttreeshap
    #   imagehash
    #   interpret-core
    #   lightgbm
    #   mapclassify
    #   mapie
    #   salib
    #   scikit-learn
    #   shap
    #   shapash
    #   statsmodels
    #   xgboost
scooby==0.9.2
    # via
    #   geemap
    #   leafmap
    #   localtileserver
    #   server-thread
seaborn==0.13.2
    # via -r requirements.in
segment-anything-hq==0.3
    # via segment-geospatial
segment-anything-py==1.0
    # via segment-geospatial
segment-geospatial==0.10.2
    # via -r requirements.in
send2trash==1.8.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
server-thread==0.2.0
    # via localtileserver
shap==0.44.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fasttreeshap
    #   interpret-core
    #   shapash
shapash==2.3.2
    # via -r requirements.in
shapely==1.8.4
    # via
    #   geopandas
    #   rasterstats
simplejson==3.17.6
    # via rasterstats
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   asttokens
    #   bleach
    #   catboost
    #   earthengine-api
    #   fiona
    #   gdown
    #   geocoder
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth
    #   google-auth-httplib2
    #   httplib2shim
    #   munch
    #   patsy
    #   python-dateutil
    #   retrying
skops==0.9.0
    # via -r requirements.in
slicer==0.0.7
    # via
    #   fasttreeshap
    #   shap
sniffio==1.3.0
    # via anyio
snuggs==1.4.7
    # via rasterio
soupsieve==2.3.2.post1
    # via beautifulsoup4
stack-data==0.5.0
    # via ipython
statsmodels==0.14.1
    # via category-encoders
sympy==1.12
    # via torch
tabulate==0.9.0
    # via
    #   cleanvision
    #   skops
tenacity==8.2.3
    # via plotly
termcolor==2.4.0
    # via cleanlab
terminado==0.15.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
threadpoolctl==3.1.0
    # via scikit-learn
timm==0.9.12
    # via segment-geospatial
tinycss2==1.1.1
    # via nbconvert
tokenize-rt==5.2.0
    # via black
toml==0.10.2
    # via pre-commit
tomli==2.0.1
    # via
    #   black
    #   jupyterlab
    #   pytest
torch==2.1.2
    # via
    #   segment-anything-hq
    #   segment-anything-py
    #   timm
    #   torchvision
torchvision==0.16.2
    # via
    #   segment-anything-hq
    #   segment-anything-py
    #   timm
tornado==6.2
    # via
    #   bokeh
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
tqdm==4.66.1
    # via
    #   cleanlab
    #   cleanvision
    #   datasets
    #   fasttreeshap
    #   gdown
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   panel
    #   segment-geospatial
    #   shap
traitlets==5.4.0
    # via
    #   bqplot
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-server
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
    #   traittypes
traittypes==0.2.1
    # via
    #   bqplot
    #   ipyleaflet
triton==2.1.0
    # via torch
typing-extensions==4.10.0
    # via
    #   black
    #   dash
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   panel
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   torch
    #   uvicorn
uc-micro-py==1.0.3
    # via linkify-it-py
uritemplate==3.0.1
    # via google-api-python-client
urllib3==1.26.12
    # via
    #   httplib2shim
    #   requests
uvicorn==0.26.0
    # via server-thread
virtualenv==20.16.5
    # via pre-commit
wcwidth==0.2.5
    # via prompt-toolkit
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.4.1
    # via jupyter-server
werkzeug==3.0.1
    # via
    #   dash
    #   flask
    #   flask-restx
    #   localtileserver
    #   server-thread
whitebox==2.3.1
    # via whiteboxgui
whiteboxgui==2.3.0
    # via
    #   geemap
    #   leafmap
widgetsnbextension==4.0.9
    # via ipywidgets
xgboost==2.0.3
    # via -r requirements.in
xxhash==3.4.1
    # via datasets
xyzservices==2023.10.1
    # via
    #   bokeh
    #   geemap
    #   ipyleaflet
    #   leafmap
    #   panel
    #   segment-geospatial
yarl==1.9.4
    # via aiohttp
zipp==3.8.1
    # via
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   importlib-resources
zope-event==5.0
    # via gevent
zope-interface==6.1
    # via gevent

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools
